=Sugar and Lies=
(A Different Her: The Women's Trilogy)
=Episode 7=
=Hidden Pain=
(Utopia)
Why are you staring at me?
How would you know?
Were you staring at me?
What's so fun about that?
What's so special about a cactus?
Mind your own business.
Then you mind yours.
Do you always talk to people like that?
Normally I...
don't talk much.
Then what was that just now?
Not talking doesn't mean I can't talk.
President Hu,
you should just head back.
Relax.
She'll come back.
Cut it out.
Think of a way to bring her back.
Whatever you want, just name it.
President Hu, what do you take me for?
What kind of person do you think you are?
Alright then.
Let me give you a tip.
Go buy one package from Keep Love.
The Win-Back-the-Wife Redemption Package.
It's perfect for you.
You think I'm clueless?
You think you're a genius?
President Hu, President Hu.
Take it easy.
You might not know much
about Keep Love.
It's the latest and hottest AI product.
If you're curious about
that win-back-the-wife package
and want to try it,
I can offer you a discount.
Are you two crazy?
Let me be clear upfront.
If anything happens to Ding Daang,
Gu Ruomai,
you won't get away with this.
Do you think that
devoted men always win extra points?
Let me ask you something.
Go ahead.
If Hu Yitong
had actually tried to hurt me,
would you have fought him?
Of course, I definitely would.
But I'm worried if this keeps up,
things might be out of control.
Gu... Miss Gu.
Did your Keep Love ever tell you
I would treat you like this?
No... never.
Excited, huh?
Expert Zhou.
Only when you lose control,
will you deserve excitement.
Got... it.
You've got some real skills.
I lived alone all these years.
If I didn't pick up new skills,
life would've been too dull.
I don't think I've asked you yet,
why did you come back to Mancheng?
Many functions in Keep Love
haven't been fully developed.
My investor is based in Mancheng.
He needs me to give him updates
on the project's progress anytime.
You are still that perfect A-student,
more successful than I imagined.
That's not quite right.
It depends on
how you define success.
All these years,
I've worked around the clock.
Even Miaomiao said
I was like a machine built just for work.
Speaking of Miaomiao,
she should be...
about twenty now, right?
How's she doing?
Has she started seeing anyone?
I hardly ever...
get to see her.
Remember I told you,
everyone I care about
ends up leaving me.
So I often feel like
I've let her down.
Miaomiao!
Who told you to take that?
Why couldn't I have it?
Give it here.
Her family owes us this.
What could she possibly owe us?
We're the ones who owe her.
Hand it over.
Give it here!
Pass it to me.
I want Mom to come back.
I want her back.
Mom's going to be fine.
I warned you before.
Stop bringing up the past.
And I told you too.
I'm not scared.
I wasn't scared then,
even less now.
But I am scared.
I used to be.
And I still am now.
Doesn't that Keep Love
have an Emotional Healing System?
So why didn't it heal you?
Or was it...
just a big lie all along?
Ding Daang.
You're still the same,
always so intense.
I think compared to pain,
a numbingly empty life
is what's truly terrifying.
I'm done eating.
Your turn.
By the way,
your best friend
running off with my boss...
Isn't that a little too wild?
Crazy things never last forever.
Pass.
Boss Gu,
I recommend you buy an Assist Pack
from our Keep Love app.
I don't go online.
No internet, no phone.
What, are you from ancient times?
Pretty much.
You sound so serious
even when you're making things up.
UNO.
Last card, blue.
Hold on.
Did you use Keep Love to track cards?
This is tech boosting romance.
The moment I shouted UNO just now,
your heartbeat toward me
sped up by at least 12%.
I'm enjoying the fun
of being old-fashioned.
Give it a try?
Not fun.
Xibei.
This younger brother of mine
lives in an old-fashioned way,
but his soul is lively and interesting.
He's your real brother?
Doesn't look like it?
- No.
Boss, the investor's here.
They're coming to see us next week.
The investor still refuses to show up.
You sure you want to take that risk?
Miaomiao.
Miaomiao is still suffering
from her breakup.
Could this be a trick from our rivals?
I want Mom to come back.
What's wrong?
You alright?
I'm fine.
Just a stomach ache.
If we do this,
the risk is really high.
You're free to go.
The door's right there.
Don't call me Chen Aming.
My name is Yu Kun.
Yu Kun, Yu Kun.
When exactly will you
face who you truly are?
Then when will you
stop turning cold without a word?
All these years, I've never changed.
You're the one who changed.
A coward
who even abandoned your real name.
♪I forgot this is a movie meant for one♪
♪Somehow you're still here,
crying with me♪
♪They say♪
♪Lovers should never hold hands
while watching a sad movie♪
♪Some endings cannot be changed♪
♪They don't belong in sweet memories♪
♪I've already lost you♪
♪Thinking of it takes my breath away♪
♪The movie ends, so many couples around♪
♪Yet none were ever like us♪
♪The past will always pass♪
♪If you could still hold me tight
in your arms♪
♪I'd believe
that there are miracles in love♪
♪I'd prove
that I'm still in love with you♪
♪I've learned how to cherish
what we had♪
♪But sadly, it's not you♪